♪♪
- Hi, I'm Wes.
- I'm Phil,
and we're Wong Fu Productions.
And we directed
"Single By 30."
It's the season finale.
If you are still watching
these previews.
I really don't know
how you've held out
this long.
It's the perfect time
to sign up
for YouTube Red.
Did someone say
"binge-watching"?
In any case,
thank you, guys,
so much for supporting
our first show.
We hope you enjoyed it.
Thanks, guys.
Okay, you know what?
Following him
was a mistake.
There's gotta be
an explanation
why he's at Sawhorse
right now.
No one goes to a bar
during the day
unless they're having
an affair.
Or they're an alcoholic.
Or they're a bartender.
Or if they just wanna
go to the bar
during the day.
You know what?
Forget it.
The point is,
he's definitely
having an affair.
And at the place
where we first met.
I mean, what a scumbag.
What do I do?
The only way to put
a stop to it
is to go in
and to catch him.
Okay, Lis...
I know I talk
a big game,
and I, like,
seem very confident,
but...
I don't think I could take
seeing him
with another girl.
I really love him.
Chloe, you have to know.
Just go in there,
and if you need backup,
I'll be right out here.
Okay.
Okay, I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna go in there.
And if I need you,
I'll just scream
"Screw you, Mark!
"This is especially
egregious
"that you're doing this
at the place
"where we first met!
"If you had any decency,
"you would take
this woman
"to a motel
or something!
"Not too nice."
Yeah...that's perfect.
Short, sweet,
that's classic
Chloe punchline.
- Okay.
- Kill it.
- I don't--
- Be brave.
- want a fist-bump
right now.
- Okay.
I just...
thought I'd
lighten the mood.
♪♪